memfault: add connectivity layer to sample (#12296)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/debug/memfault/README.rst

This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries and drivers:

> * :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme`

Reviewer: * :ref:`ug_memfault`

* :ref:`lte_lc_readme`
* :ref:`nrf_security`

It uses the following `sdk-nrfxlib`_ libraries:

> * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`

Author: I just included the top level libraries, and followed how it was done in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/8cc62418f3dc4007319fbb90c166ec2bc2cebb3a/samples/net/aws_iot/README.rst?plain=1#L240C13-L240C22, so I was thinking it wasn't necessary to have it listed.

> * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`

Reviewer: We list all the relevant libraries, drivers, and secure firmware component here : https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/templates/sample_README.html#dependencies

> * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`

Author: Ok, thanks! I think it should be following the example now :)

> * :ref:`net_if_interface`
> * :ref:`net_mgmt_interface`
> * :ref:`ug_memfault`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the following Zephyr libraries:

* :ref:`net_if_interface`
* :ref:`net_mgmt_interface`
```
